Hello Cyrus, 

Greetings!
My name is Ravi and I'm a recruiter at Intelliswift, an LTTS company.
We have an immediate opening with one of our valid clients, please go through the job description and if you are interested kindly share me your updated resume ASAP.
 
Role: AI Lab Technical Support Specialist
Location: Onsite, Milpitas, CA
Duration: 3 Months Contract
Job ID: 25755-1
 
Job Description:

We're looking for a hands-on engineer/technician to assist with the setup, maintenance, and operation of our high-performance computing cluster.
This role is ideal for someone with practical experience in Linux systems in the data center who enjoys working in a fast-paced technical environment.
 
Key Responsibilities:
Racking, Stacking, Cabling and maintenance the AI data center and lab.
Perform routine maintenance and troubleshooting on Linux servers, storage and networking systems.
Use tools to monitor and troubleshoot hardware issues.
Work closely with engineers and developers to ensure smooth operation of the AI infrastructure.
 
Required Skills/Experience:
Experience with assembly of mechanical or electrical systems, or performing component-level repairs and troubleshooting on technical equipment.
Ability to lift/move 50lb (23kg) of equipment and ability to exert yourself physically over extended periods of time, including frequent bending, kneeling, climbing, pushing/pulling and lifting.
Experience working within a data center or network operation center environment.
Comfortable working in a Linux environment & ability to diagnose and troubleshoot issues in operating systems, computer/server hardware or networking stack.
Able to write and understand simple Bash or Python scripts.
Exposure to Git, Jenkins, or similar tools is a plus.
 

If you are qualified, available, interested, planning to make a change, or know of a friend who might have the required qualifications and interest, please call me ASAP at (510) 370-4578, even if we have spoken recently about a different position. If you do respond via e-mail please include a daytime phone number so I can reach you. In considering candidates, time is of the essence, so please respond ASAP. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,
Ravi Sankar Yathati