PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

European Central Bank, Frankfurt, Germany	2006 – 2012
ITIL Support Consultant		Jun 2008 – Mar 2012

Provided excellent customer service in line with expected service level requirements.
Operated SAM tools and maintained the software license inventory records.
Prioritized and managed service support requests, troubleshot and repaired IT equipment.
Operated helpdesk and provided over the phone support.
Created process and operational documentation including Standard Operating Procedures.
Performed software license asset reconciliation exercises and implemented corrective actions.

Accomplishments: Reduced software license compliance risks by over half a million Euros by identifying and rectifying license deficits. Activated over 50 software metering rules using Microsoft SCCM technology to record and analyze usage patterns.


Operational Data Support			Mar 2006 – Jun 2008

Delivered excellent customer support for users having difficulty with various technical issues.
Maintained desktop, server computers, thin clients, and mobile devices.
Troubleshot technical incidents, problems, changes in a timely and accurate fashion.
Recorded technical issues in a central repository.
Diagnosed and returned failed hardware working with third-party vendors on RMAs and fixes.
Maintained the asset and license database. Evaluated and procured IT equipment.

Accomplishments: Drafted over 100 Knowledge Base items to increase the incident resolution rate. Drafted a high number of technical procedures and presentation files, trained new staff members and interns.
IT Quality Rater German 	Google, Freiburg, Germany	May 2005 – Mar 2006


Evaluated the relevance of web pages based on a Google designed quality scale with the aim to optimize search engine results. Ranked search results in a global and virtual team environment.
Processed and measured the quality of search results to improve users' search experience.

IT Systems Administrator 	Menlo College, Atherton, California, USA 	Jan 2001 – Jan 2005	
	
Administered Windows and Linux servers and Cisco based Voice-over-IP systems. Provided technical support on the client and server side. Consulted with service providers to resolve issues.
Maintained computer peripheral equipment including desktop computers, printers, projectors.
Received hardware equipment upon delivery and installed as appropriate.
Requested quotes and submitted purchase orders. Evaluated hardware and software. 
