
Duties
Under close supervision, Police Data Specialists learn to perform specialized technical work utilizing automated law enforcement information systems that lend support to sworn personnel and other department members. Duties include complex data input and retrieval processes requiring extreme accuracy; providing services to the community; and performing related work as required. O.S.S.D. operates 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.

Hi Araseli,


Thank you,
Cyrus Shahriari
669-251-6243

Product Manager | Enterprise Technology & Operations
San Jose, CA | E: cyrus.shahriari@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/cyrusshahriari
Resume: https://tinyurl.com/2026-cyrus



On Tue, Jun 9, 2026 at 10:02 AM sjpdrecruiting <sjpdrecruiting@sanjoseca.gov> wrote:
Dear Prospective Applicant,

We are the San Jose Police Recruiting Unit, and we’re excited to share some big news. 
Applications are officially open for the SJPD Police Recruit Officer position!
If you're interested in joining the February 2027 Police Academy, please submit your application by visiting www.SJPDYou.com.
All eligible candidates will be invited to take a FREE Pellet B Exam or FREE Physical Agility Test.
Please review our application process below. If you have any further questions, please email us at sjpdrecruiting@sanjoseca.gov.

FEBRUARY 2027 ACADEMY 
Application Status: OPEN
Application Closing Date: 07/13/2026
Testing Deadline: 07/27/2026
POLICE RECRUIT HIRING PROCESS
SUBMIT APPLICATION: www.SJPDYou.com
& Personal History Questionnaire (PHQ) consisting of 40 questions pertaining to your personal history and character. 
(Applications are reviewed on a weekly basis. Any updates will be sent once the application review is complete.)
WRITTEN TEST: Self schedule for a written exam. You must pass only one of the following written exams. (*All eligible candidates will be sent an invitation to test at SJPD Testing Facility.)
    Pellet B Test or NTN Test 
PELLET B TEST: Passing Scores 50% or higher.

NTN TEST: Passing Scores 60% Video, 65% Reading, 65% Writing

Please send all test scores in a pdf format to sjpdyou@sanjoseca.gov 
WSTB/PHYSICAL AGILITY TEST:  Self schedule for a Physical Agility Test.   (*All eligible candidates will be sent an invitation to test at SJPD Testing Facility.) Please send all test scores in a pdf format to sjpdyou@sanjoseca.gov.
ORAL BOARD INTERVIEW: Applicants who have completed the first steps and passed the written and physical agility test will be invited to an in-person oral board interview or Zoom interview (circumstances permitting). This is a panel interview. Pass point is 70% or higher. 
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION: Eligible candidates will complete a Personal History Statement (PHS) packet. Background investigators will then be assigned to assist candidates through the process. Upon successful completion and review of the background investigation, the hiring board will make their employment selections. Those selected will receive a conditional offer of employment, contingent upon successfully passing a medical and psychological exam.
SAN JOSE POLICE ACADEMY: Police Recruits are considered a City of San Jose employee while attending the Academy, which is a 32-week program. Recruits will earn $54.57 an hour while attending the academy.
---
Other job opportunities: 

If you are interested in any of following job positions such as Community Service Officers, Police Data Specialist, Dispatching, and 911 Call taker positions, please add yourself to the waiting list below.
We'll send you an email notification when a job opportunity becomes available. Best wishes

CIVILIAN CAREER WAITING LIST
Submit Form: https://forms.office.com/g/75zJ2ZBvAc



Kind regards,
Araseli Lopez| Office Specialist II
San José Police Department - Bureau of Administrative Services

Phone: (408) 277-4951| araseli.lopez@sanjoseca.gov


Text "JOINSJPD" to 408-402-4300 to text a recruiter
To apply visit WWW.SJPDYOU.COM

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure.

From: Cyrus Shahriari <noreply@formresponse.com>
Sent: Monday, June 8, 2026 3:43 PM
To: sjpdrecruiting <sjpdrecruiting@sanjoseca.gov>
Subject: Re: Recruiting InfoCard Request - Cyrus Shahriari
 
 

 

[External Email. Do not open links or attachments from untrusted sources. Learn more]

 

 

	
 Recruiting InfoCard Request
Name
Cyrus Shahriari
Email
cyrus.shahriari@gmail.com
Message
To whom it may concern:

After more than 10 years in the technology sector supporting enterprise operations, incident management, and high-pressure service environments, I am interested in exploring the Community Service Officer program with the San Jose Police Department. My background has strengthened my communication, problem-solving, and customer service skills, and I would welcome the opportunity to apply those abilities in a public service role serving the San Jose community.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,
Cyrus Shahriari
Cell Phone
(669) 2516243
I'm interested in these careers:
Radio Dispatcher
911 Call Taker
Community Service Officer
Police Data Specialist
Police Officer
Did you recently attend a San Jose Police Department recruiting event?
No
What recent recruiting event did you attend?
You can edit this submission and view all your submissions easily.
 

 

This message is from outside the City email system. Do not open links or attachments from untrusted sources.

 