Sr. Technical Product Manager - Onsite
Cepheid  Sunnyvale, California, United States of America  CategoryEngineering  Job IdR1307953  LocationSunnyvale, California, United States of America
 

Share via LinkedIn
Share via Facebook
Share via twitter
Share via email
 Back to search results Previous jobNext job 
Bring more to life.

Are you ready to accelerate your potential and make a real difference within life sciences, diagnostics and biotechnology?

At Cepheid, one of Danaher’s 15+ operating companies, our work saves lives—and we’re all united by a shared commitment to innovate for tangible impact. 

You’ll thrive in a culture of belonging where you and your unique viewpoint matter. And by harnessing Danaher’s system of continuous improvement, you help turn ideas into impact – innovating at the speed of life.

At Cepheid, we are passionate about improving health care through fast, accurate, molecular diagnostic systems and tests. As a member of our team, you’ll get to make an immediate, measurable impact on a global scale, within an environment that fosters career growth and development. Our mission drives us to develop groundbreaking solutions for the world’s most complex health challenges. Together, we bring MORE change to the world.

Learn about the Danaher Business System which makes everything possible.

The Sr. Technical Product Manager will lead the delivery of complex, multi‑team initiatives by translating product strategy and business needs into high‑quality GenXpert software capabilities. This is a hands‑on, cross‑functional role requiring close collaboration with Software, Hardware, Assay, Operations, and other stakeholders. You will partner with Cepheid IDC and Sunnyvale teams to build strong product domain expertise and drive execution excellence  

This position reports to the Sr. Director of Software Engineering and is part of the Software engineering organization located in Sunnyvale and will be an on-site role.

In this role, you will have the opportunity to:

Define and manage Cepheid software product scope on a quarterly and annual basis, aligned with long‑term strategy & Track and report key engineering release metrics and insights for predictive planning, risk identification, and operational decision.

Making use AI effectively in the requirements lifecycle—problem framing, functional decomposition, story mapping, and acceptance‑criteria drafting—while maintaining human ownership of intent, clinical risk, and regulatory rationale.

Integrate AI‑enabled tools into Agile requirements workflows to improve backlog refinement, estimation inputs, traceability links, and requirements/documentation quality (e.g., clearer functional requirements, fewer ambiguities, more testable acceptance criteria).

Author and maintain technical epics, user stories, and acceptance criteria in JIRA/Confluence; leverage AI to propose initial drafts and edge cases, then curate to ensure criteria are unambiguous, verifiable, and aligned to V&V expectations in regulated environments.

Own and prioritize the product backlog to align with strategic objectives and optimize delivery velocity across multiple scrum teams. Lead sprint execution and release planning, using data analytics to proactively manage dependencies, risks, and impediments.

The essential requirements of the job include

Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science or a related field, with 8+ years of experience as a Software Product Owner or Business Analyst in regulated medical device or IVD environments.

5+ years of experience with Agile and SDLC practices, including backlog management in JIRA and documentation in Confluence.

Demonstrated experience delivering software in FDA, ISO 13485, or IVDR‑compliant environments. Strong background in requirements management, traceability, and lifecycle documentation aligned with IEC 62304 or equivalent standards.

Ability to travel up to 15% (domestic and international).

It would be a plus if you also possess previous experience in:

Hands‑on experience using AI assistants to accelerate and improve product requirements work (e.g., functional requirement drafting, acceptance criteria generation, ambiguity detection, negative/edge‑case identification).

Working with globally distributed teams. Developing software products in regulated environments.

Cepheid, a Danaher operating company, offers a broad array of comprehensive, competitive benefit programs that add value to our lives. Whether it’s a health care program or paid time off, our programs contribute to life beyond the job. Check out our benefits at Danaher Benefits Info.

The annual salary range for this role is $145k - $180k USD.  This is the range that we in good faith believe is the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. This range may be modified in the future.

This job is also eligible for bonus/incentive pay. #L1-WT1

We offer comprehensive package of benefits including paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance and 401(k) to eligible employees.

Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.

Join our winning team today. Together, we’ll accelerate the real-life impact of tomorrow’s science and technology. We partner with customers across the globe to help them solve their most complex challenges, architecting solutions that bring the power of science to life.

For more information, visit www.danaher.com.

Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law.

The U.S. EEO posters are available here.

We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact:1-202-419-7762 or applyassistance@danaher.com.