Administrative Analyst II
Salary
$96,884.00 - $135,637.00 Annually

Location 
Menlo Park, CA

Job Type
Full-Time

Job Number
2026-00059

Division
Rail

Opening Date
06/13/2026

Closing Date
7/5/2026 11:59 PM Pacific

Description
Benefits
General
The Administrative Analyst reports to the Manager Rail Operations and is responsible for administering the Caltrain Operations & Maintenance Division document control program and supporting Caltrain’s Right-of-Way (ROW) Maintenance team for the PCJPB (Caltrain).

Essential Functions & Duties
Manages the document lifecycle processes, supports records retention and reporting requirements; coordinates SharePoint-based document control activities, and helps ensure that operational documents and required submittals meet procedural and compliance standards.
Administers and maintains the Caltrain Operations document control system and associate records management processes.
Provides administrative support to the ROW maintenance team managing capital projects documentation, and contractor operations and service delivery
Monitors Caltrain’s contract operator’s compliance with submittals and maintenance of records in accordance with contract requirements and federal regulations.
Ensure railroad operations and maintenance documents are current, accurate, properly tracked and routed, and maintained in compliance with established procedures and standards. 
Coordinates document review, approval, retention, and update cycles with internal and external stakeholders.
Monitors and assess document quality, required submittals, compliance status, and document lifecycle tracking.
Supports SharePoint system administration, user access control, reporting, and continuous process improvement related to document control. Supports continuous process improvement through data analysis, data management, and the use of Power BI and Power Automate to enhance document control tracking, reporting, workflows, and operational efficiency.
Collaborates with the Engineering, Capital and Modernization Division’s Document Management group to identify opportunities to streamline business practices and consolidate functions where appropriate.
Participates and/or leads staff working groups or other forums to define opportunities for process improvements
Examples of Essential Duties:
Manages the day-to-day administration of the document control SharePoint system to ensure documents are current, properly routed, and maintained in accordance with established procedures.
Review Contractor O&M reports and provide data analysis to ensure information is for accurate, current, accessible, and compliant with agency procedures and applicable requirements.
Coordinates with the Information Technology Department on SharePoint enhancements, permissions, troubleshooting, and tools that support Rail Operations document control activities.
Reviews documents submitted by internal and external stakeholders, including required submittals from the contract operator, for completeness, accuracy, compliance with standards, and proper lifecycle tracking.
Conducts quality assurance and quality control reviews of reports and other documentation; identifies deficiencies and escalates issues to management, as appropriate.
Develops, maintains, and updates tracking and reporting tools for document control activities, required submittals, compliance issues, document expiration dates, scheduled reviews, and recurring updates.
Administers internal and external user access to the SharePoint system, maintains access records, and supports compliance with established access control protocols.
Prepares monthly status reports; updates document control and records management procedures; attends meetings, maintains notes or minutes as assigned, and follows up on action items related to document control or rail operations programs.
Processes contract handover documentation for capital projects, including asset registers, maintenance plans, agreements, and related records, to support accurate turnover, document control, and operational readiness.
Supports ROW Maintenance operations and service delivery by coordinating, tracking, and processing work orders and related documentation, including site visits and field audits to validate records, assess compliance, and identify contractor performance issues or discrepancies.
Perform all job duties and responsibilities in a safe manner to protect one’s self, fellow employees, and the public from injury or harm. Promote safety awareness and follow safety procedures in an effort to reduce or eliminate accidents.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
Sufficient experience, training and/or education to demonstrate the knowledge and ability to successfully perform the essential functions of the position. In lieu of a degree, work-related experience that demonstrates the skills and experience necessary to perform this role will be accepted. Development of the required knowledge and abilities is typically obtained through but not limited to:

Bachelor’s degree in business administration, information management or related fields.   In lieu of a degree, six (6) years of full-time work experience.
Two (2) years of experience with document control or data management and analysis
Valid California driver license with safe driving record is required or the ability to obtain a license within 6 months of employment.
Required to work outside regular business hours when required
Preferred Qualifications:
Proficient in Microsoft 365 applications.
Experience using SharePoint or similar electronic document management systems.
Experience preparing reports, logs, and tracking tools to monitor document status and required submittals.
Experience working in a public agency, transit, rail, transportation, construction, or other regulated environment.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to lift up to 30 lbs. and stand or walk for extended hours during inspections
The selection process may include a panel interview, written and skills test assessments, or supplemental questions.  Only those candidates who are the most qualified will continue in the selection process. Meeting the minimum qualifications does not guarantee an invitation to continue in the process.      

 

How to Apply

Complete an online employment application by 11:59 p.m. of the listed closing date.  Resumes and cover letters will not be accepted in lieu of fully completed applications.  It is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure that applications are completed with all relevant information (experience, education, certifications, licenses, references and/or other information). 

The Human Resources Department will make reasonable efforts in the recruitment/examination process to accommodate applicants with disabilities upon request.  If you have a need for an accommodation, please contact the Human Resources Department.   

We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive and welcoming workplace environment.  We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.  Minorities, Women, Persons with Disabilities and Veterans are encouraged to apply. 

Employer
San Mateo County Transit District