At Bloom Energy, our vision for a world powered by clean, reliable, and affordable energy is more than just a dream—we’re making it reality. 

  

For over two decades, we’ve been at the forefront of the global energy transition, pioneering solutions that empower critical industries to thrive in a rapidly digitizing, energy-intensive world. From revolutionizing power for AI-driven data centers to ensuring resilience for hospitals, electric grids, manufacturing facilities, and utilities, our solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) and solid oxide electrolyzer (SOEC) technologies are redefining what’s possible by delivering energy abundance for all. With more than 30,000 fuel cell modules deployed worldwide, we are the trusted partner for Fortune 100 companies and innovators alike. Our cutting-edge solutions enable unparalleled “time-to-power” capabilities, reliability, and sustainability, ensuring our customers remain ahead in a world where soaring energy demand and intensifying energy scarcity are rapidly becoming the new norm. 

  

At Bloom, we thrive on collaboration, bold thinking, and relentless innovation. We believe that, together, we can create a brighter, more sustainable future while tackling the most pressing challenges of the 21st century. 

Bloom Energy, the leader in disruptive energy solutions based on its world changing fuel cell technology is looking for a CRM Business Analyst to join its world class team.  This individual should be a dynamic professional who is looking for a rewarding future in one of today’s most exciting technologies.

This role will be based in San Jose, CA. This is a fully on-site, in office role 5 days a week.

Job Title: Business Analyst

Job Description

• Collect and analyze department and company metrics
• Create and present results to management up to executive level
• Create and modify business applications in Quick Base and Salesforce Lightning
• Create and modify reports in Oracle ERP
• Drive process improvement by identifying needs and working to find efficient, workable solutions
• Create and modify department processes and procedures

Location: San Jose headquarters

Role and Responsibilities:

Collect and analyze department and company metrics
Create and present results to management up to executive level
Create and modify business applications in Quick Base and Salesforce Lightning
Create and modify reports in Oracle ERP
Drive process improvement by identifying needs and working to find efficient, workable solutions
Create and modify department processes and procedures
Skills and Experience:

Masters Degree or BS with 5 plus years of relevant experience
Experience with Salesforce and/or Oracle desirable
Experience with Quick Base desirable
Detail oriented and experience writing procedures and developing processes
Excellent verbal and written skills
Power user in Excel, can do pivots, macros, automated reporting
Proficient in Word, PowerPoint
Bloom Energy’s mission is to make clean, reliable, and affordable energy for everyone in the world. The Company’s product, the Bloom Energy Server, delivers highly reliable and resilient, ‘Always-On’ electric power that is clean and sustainable. Bloom’s customers include twenty-five of the Fortune 100 companies and leaders in cloud services and data centers, healthcare, retail, financial services, utilities and many other industries. For more information, visit  www.bloomenergy.com  

Bloom Energy is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We are committed to compliance with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. All qualified applicants, will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Bloom Energy makes reasonable accommodations, consistent with applicable laws, for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee with a disability, who can perform the essential job functions, unless undue hardship would result.

#BEI2024

#LI-SH1

Salary Ranges:
$98,400.00 - $141,600.00
Unauthorized Recruitment Communication Alert