IT & Digital

Build the Future of Total Care

As part of our technology team, your innovative tech ideas can inform and guide the delivery of health care to members across our system.


IT Consultant IV (Application Licensing & Lifecycle Management)
Primary Location Pleasanton, California
Schedule Full-time
Shift Day
Salary $129200 - $167200 / year
Job Number 1428610
Date Posted 06/25/2026
Submit Interest
Save Job
Please note, this position is designated as flexible, which means the selected candidate may be required to report to the assigned office in Pleasanton, CA at least part of the time each week.

Technical Summary:

This senior-level IT Consultant serves within the Enterprise Architecture organization, with a primary focus on developing and evolving internal products and capabilities that enable operational standards, architecture governance, and architecture risk management across the enterprise. The role blends enterprise architecture, product management, and business analysis disciplines to design process and solutions that systematically improve how architecture standards are defined, assessed, adopted, and sustained. The individual acts as a product owner and architecture partner for internal platforms, frameworks, and tooling that support operational standards management, architecture risk identification, and compliance visibility. By applying strong process analysis and design skills, the role evaluates current-state capabilities and operational practices, identifies risk and inconsistency, and delivers scalable products and processes that enable consistent decision-making and transparency across technology domains. The IT Consultant collaborates closely with architects, delivery teams, operations, and governance stakeholders to translate architecture intent into practical, consumable products, standards, and assessment mechanisms that reduce risk, improve operability, and support long-term enterprise resiliency. The individual will need to understand the benefits and use of containers and be able to recognize when a change in architecture would benefit the application.

Job Summary:
In addition to the responsibilities listed below, this position is responsible for providing support for customers (users), and assigned applications and/or information systems, including software implementation, integration, configuration, and testing. Additional responsibilities also include supporting solution design, researching how to help translate requirements into workable technical solutions, and supporting the evaluation of third-party vendors as directed.

Essential Responsibilities:
Completes work assignments and supports business-specific projects by applying expertise in subject area; supporting the development of work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; ensuring team follows all procedures and policies; coordinating and assigning resources to accomplish priorities and deadlines; collaborating cross-functionally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating high priority issues or risks, as appropriate; and recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities.
Practices self-development and promotes learning in others by proactively providing information, resources, advice, and expertise with coworkers and customers; building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; influencing others through technical explanations and examples; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; providing feedback to others and managers; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and develop weaknesses; supporting team collaboration; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback.
Develops requirements for complex process or system solutions within assigned business domain(s) by interfacing stakeholders and appropriate IT teams (for example, Solutions Delivery, Infrastructure, Enterprise Architecture) and leading junior team members in the development process as appropriate.
Leverages multiple business requirements gathering methodologies to identify business, functional, and non-functional requirements (for example, SMART) across multiple business domains.
Develops and documents comprehensive business cases to assess the costs, benefits, ROI, and Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of proposed solutions.
Provides insight and supports the evolution of applications, systems, and/or processes to a desired future state by maintaining a comprehensive understanding of how current processes impact business operations across multiple domains.
Maps current state against future state processes.
Identifies the impact of requirements on upstream and downstream solution components.
Provides recommendations to management and business stakeholders on how to integrate requirements with current systems and business processes across regions or domains.
Identifies and validates value gaps and opportunities for process enhancements or efficiencies.
Supports solution design by providing insight at design sessions with IT teams to help translate requirements into workable business solutions.
Identifies and recommends additional data and/or services needed to address key business issues related to process or solutions design.
Participates in evaluating third-party vendors as directed.
Supports continuous process improvement by participating in the development, implementation, and maintenance of standardized tools, templates, and processes across multiple business domains.
Recommends regional and/or national process improvements which align with sustainable best practices, and the strategic and tactical goals of the business.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: (Core)
Ambiguity/Uncertainty Management
Attention to Detail
Business Knowledge
Communication
Critical Thinking
Cross-Group Collaboration
Decision Making
Dependability
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Support
Drives Results
Facilitation Skills
Health Care Industry
Influencing Others
Integrity
Learning Agility
Organizational Savvy
Problem Solving
Short- and Long-term Learning & Recall
Teamwork
Topic-Specific Communication
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: (Functional)
Software Development Life Cycle
Analytical Skills
Business Case Development
Business Planning
Business Process Improvement
Client Focus
Crisis Incident Management
Debugging and Troubleshooting
Demonstrating Personal Flexibility
Managing Diverse Relationships
Model Development
Negotiation
Organizational Skills
Prioritization
Process Validation
Project Management
Relationship Building
Requirements Elicitation & Analysis
Technical Documentation
Vendor Management
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, CIS or related field and a Minimum of Six (6) years experience in IT consulting, business analysis, or a related field. Additional equivalent work experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.
Preferred Qualifications:
Two (2) years experience in software or system testing across multiple IT environments.
Two (2) years software or application development experience.
Primary Location: California,Pleasanton,Pleasanton Tech Cntr Building D
Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40
Shift: Day
Workdays: Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri
Working Hours Start: 09:00 AM
Working Hours End: 05:00 PM
Job Schedule: Full-time
Job Type: Standard
Worker Location: Flexible
Employee Status: Regular
Employee Group/Union Affiliation: NUE-IT-01|NUE|Non Union Employee
Job Level: Individual Contributor
Department: KPIT ADMIN - ITO HCS MODERNIZE IT - 9601
Pay Range: $129200 - $167200 / year
Kaiser Permanente strives to offer a market competitive total rewards package and is committed to pay equity and transparency. The posted pay range is based on possible base salaries for the role and does not reflect the full value of our total rewards package. Actual base pay determined at offer will be based on labor market data, internal alignment, and a candidate's years of relevant work experience, education, certifications, skills, and geographic location.
Travel: No
Flexible: Work location is on-site at a KP location, with the flexibility to work from home.
Worker location must align with Kaiser Permanente's Authorized States policy.
Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to fair, respectful, and inclusive workplaces. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic or status.
Submit Interest
Save Job
Expected Employee Conduct >