About Us
At Navis Solutions, we’re looking for intelligent, talented, and ethical consultants passionate about helping our clients solve complex business challenges. In return, we offer a collaborative, fast-paced, and enjoyable environment where you can excel personally and professionally.

A career at Navis Solutions provides an unparalleled opportunity for those who share our values and ambition to make a real impact. We measure our success by the outcomes we help our clients achieve. You can expect: 

Active mentoring
Frequent and honest feedback
Rewards based on performance
Training on solutions and methodologies

Job Description
This is a remote position.

Navis Solutions is looking for a talented Business Analyst to join its project team. You will work alongside other business analysts and report directly to the Director of Professional Services. Your main tasks will include gathering, analyzing, and documenting requirements and business processes. To succeed in this role, you will need to think holistically about the client and their needs and ask great questions that draw out unspoken requirements from the client. You will also need an analytical way of thinking but be able to explain in a simple way complex concepts to non-technical users.

Business Analyst Responsibilities:
Documenting and assessing business processes to identify gaps and areas for improvement
Documenting and validating business, functional, and non-functional requirements
Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
Conducting/facilitating client meetings and presentations to share ideas, capture needs, and document feedback.
Performing requirements analysis to include measure process performance.
Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Drafting requirements documents, user stories, and acceptance criteria.
Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff.
Providing leadership, training, coaching, and guidance to junior staff.
Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements.
Managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
Updating, implementing and maintaining procedures.
Prioritizing initiatives based on business needs and requirements.
Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users.
Managing competing resources and priorities.
Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects.


Requirements
Outstanding communication skills.
A systems thinker - able to see how the parts fit into the larger whole.
Exceptional attention to detail.
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
An eye for quality.
A bachelor’s degree.
A minimum of 3 years experience in business analysis, business process management, or a related field.
The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions.
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills.
Fundamental analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
A track record of following through on commitments.
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.
A history of leading and supporting successful projects.
Experience with Agile software development methodologies.
Relevant Certifications are desirable, including: CBAP, CBPP, Lean, or Six Sigma.


Benefits
Employees are our most valuable asset. At Navis Solutions, we are committed to a comprehensive employee benefits program that helps our employees stay healthy, feel secure, and maintain a positive work/life balance. To support our employee's and their family’s health & well-being, we offer a great list of benefits: 

Comprehensive medical & dental insurance
Vision care coverage 
health savings accounts
401k savings program with matching employer contributions
life insurance
short-term & long-term disability insurance

Work/life balance is essential to your success, so we provide vacation days, personal/sick leave, company holidays, and maternity leave.