 Saved jobs 0 Aerotek header logo CAREER PATHS SPECIALIZATIONS INSIGHTS ABOUT US CONTACT US LOCATIONS - Security Alert: Be aware of an increase in fraudulent activity involving people impersonating Aerotek recruiters and requesting payment in exchange for job opportunities. We advise that you do not respond to these requests. Click here to learn how to protect yourself from recruitment scams. Close Covid-19 banner JobDescriptionHeaderv2 AI Robot Data Collector locationSan Jose, California, USA 28 USD - 33 USD/hour Save Job Share via email Share via Facebook Share via LinkedIn Share via twitter Data Collector San Jose, CA, US Job Description As a Data Collector/Helix Creator, you will play a pivotal role in guiding the robot through human-like motions by wearing sensor equipment. Your efforts will contribute to the collection of high-quality motion data essential for training AI models. You will also be responsible for identifying and flagging any issues or bugs during data collection and providing daily feedback to the team. Maintaining a safe and organized workspace is crucial during all operations. ⏰ Shift Hours Shift 1: 2:30 PM – 10:00 PM Shift 2: 10:00 PM – 7:30 AM Shift 3: 6:30AM-3:00PM 📅 Shift Day Patterns You can pair your chosen shift with one of these weekly rotations: Wednesday – Sunday Thursday – Monday Friday – Tuesday Saturday – Wednesday (You’ll need to choose one of these shifts) Responsibilities Guide the robot through human-like motions using sensor equipment. Collect high-quality motion data for AI model training. Identify and flag issues or bugs during data collection. Share daily feedback with the team. Maintain a safe and organized workspace. Job Type & Location This is a Contract to Hire position based out of San Jose, CA. Pay and Benefits The pay range for this position is $28.00 - $33.00/hr. Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to specific elections, plan, or program terms. If eligible, the benefits available for this temporary role may include the following: • Medical, dental & vision • Critical Illness, Accident, and Hospital • 401(k) Retirement Plan – Pre-tax and Roth post-tax contributions available • Life Insurance (Voluntary Life & AD&D for the employee and dependents) • Short and long-term disability • Health Spending Account (HSA) • Transportation benefits • Employee Assistance Program • Time Off/Leave (PTO, Vacation or Sick Leave) Workplace Type This is a fully onsite position in San Jose,CA. Application Deadline This position is anticipated to close on Jul 23, 2026. About Aerotek Aerotek® Inc. provides staffing and services solutions in manufacturing, logistics, construction, aviation, facilities and maintenance. We provide the expertise, solutions and people required to rise to the challenges of North American industry. Headquartered in Hanover, Md., Aerotek operates a unified network of over 200 offices across North America, supporting more than 18,000 clients each year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in workforce and business solutions. To learn more, visit: Aerotek.com | 1-888-AEROTEK. Aerotek offers weekly pay, employee benefits including medical, dental & vision, life insurance, health advocacy and employee assistance programs, a 401(k) plan, and employee discounts. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, for all positions located in the city and county of San Francisco, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Massachusetts Lie Detector: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI): We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to support parts of our hiring process, including sourcing, screening, and evaluating candidates. AI helps assess applications and qualifications, but final decisions are made by our hiring team. By applying, you acknowledge and agree that your application may be reviewed using AI tools. Receive notifications about similar jobs I’d like to receive Job Alerts and other marketing emails from Aerotek to assist me with my job search. I understand that I may opt out at any time. Enter Email address (Required) your@email.com Manage alerts Similar Jobs Robot Data Collector LocationCampbell, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationCampbell, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production man in glasses with ear protection around neck Let jobs find you Sign up to receive personalized job recommendations I’d like to receive Job Alerts and other marketing emails from Aerotek to assist me with my job search. I understand that I may opt out at any time. Sign Up Aerotek logo COMPANY WEBSITE social share facebook social share linkedin social share youtube social share twitter social share instagram © 2026 Aerotek, Inc. All rights reserved. Saved jobs 0 Aerotek header logo CAREER PATHS SPECIALIZATIONS INSIGHTS ABOUT US CONTACT US LOCATIONS - Security Alert: Be aware of an increase in fraudulent activity involving people impersonating Aerotek recruiters and requesting payment in exchange for job opportunities. We advise that you do not respond to these requests. Click here to learn how to protect yourself from recruitment scams. Close Covid-19 banner JobDescriptionHeaderv2 AI Robot Data Collector locationSan Jose, California, USA 28 USD - 33 USD/hour Save Job Share via email Share via Facebook Share via LinkedIn Share via twitter Data Collector San Jose, CA, US Job Description As a Data Collector/Helix Creator, you will play a pivotal role in guiding the robot through human-like motions by wearing sensor equipment. Your efforts will contribute to the collection of high-quality motion data essential for training AI models. You will also be responsible for identifying and flagging any issues or bugs during data collection and providing daily feedback to the team. Maintaining a safe and organized workspace is crucial during all operations. ⏰ Shift Hours Shift 1: 2:30 PM – 10:00 PM Shift 2: 10:00 PM – 7:30 AM Shift 3: 6:30AM-3:00PM 📅 Shift Day Patterns You can pair your chosen shift with one of these weekly rotations: Wednesday – Sunday Thursday – Monday Friday – Tuesday Saturday – Wednesday (You’ll need to choose one of these shifts) Responsibilities Guide the robot through human-like motions using sensor equipment. Collect high-quality motion data for AI model training. Identify and flag issues or bugs during data collection. Share daily feedback with the team. Maintain a safe and organized workspace. Job Type & Location This is a Contract to Hire position based out of San Jose, CA. Pay and Benefits The pay range for this position is $28.00 - $33.00/hr. Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to specific elections, plan, or program terms. If eligible, the benefits available for this temporary role may include the following: • Medical, dental & vision • Critical Illness, Accident, and Hospital • 401(k) Retirement Plan – Pre-tax and Roth post-tax contributions available • Life Insurance (Voluntary Life & AD&D for the employee and dependents) • Short and long-term disability • Health Spending Account (HSA) • Transportation benefits • Employee Assistance Program • Time Off/Leave (PTO, Vacation or Sick Leave) Workplace Type This is a fully onsite position in San Jose,CA. Application Deadline This position is anticipated to close on Jul 23, 2026. About Aerotek Aerotek® Inc. provides staffing and services solutions in manufacturing, logistics, construction, aviation, facilities and maintenance. We provide the expertise, solutions and people required to rise to the challenges of North American industry. Headquartered in Hanover, Md., Aerotek operates a unified network of over 200 offices across North America, supporting more than 18,000 clients each year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in workforce and business solutions. To learn more, visit: Aerotek.com | 1-888-AEROTEK. Aerotek offers weekly pay, employee benefits including medical, dental & vision, life insurance, health advocacy and employee assistance programs, a 401(k) plan, and employee discounts. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, for all positions located in the city and county of San Francisco, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Massachusetts Lie Detector: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI): We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to support parts of our hiring process, including sourcing, screening, and evaluating candidates. AI helps assess applications and qualifications, but final decisions are made by our hiring team. By applying, you acknowledge and agree that your application may be reviewed using AI tools. Receive notifications about similar jobs I’d like to receive Job Alerts and other marketing emails from Aerotek to assist me with my job search. I understand that I may opt out at any time. Enter Email address (Required) your@email.com Manage alerts Similar Jobs Robot Data Collector LocationCampbell, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationCampbell, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production man in glasses with ear protection around neck Let jobs find you Sign up to receive personalized job recommendations I’d like to receive Job Alerts and other marketing emails from Aerotek to assist me with my job search. I understand that I may opt out at any time. Sign Up Aerotek logo COMPANY WEBSITE social share facebook social share linkedin social share youtube social share twitter social share instagram © 2026 Aerotek, Inc. All rights reserved. Saved jobs 0 Aerotek header logo CAREER PATHS SPECIALIZATIONS INSIGHTS ABOUT US CONTACT US LOCATIONS - Security Alert: Be aware of an increase in fraudulent activity involving people impersonating Aerotek recruiters and requesting payment in exchange for job opportunities. We advise that you do not respond to these requests. Click here to learn how to protect yourself from recruitment scams. Close Covid-19 banner JobDescriptionHeaderv2 Robot Data Collector locationCampbell, California, USA 28 USD - 33 USD/hour Save Job Share via email Share via Facebook Share via LinkedIn Share via twitter Robot/Data Collector $30–$33/hr | No Experience Required | Day, Swing & Overnight Shifts Available Help Train the Next Generation of AI & Robotics We're looking for motivated individuals to join our team as Robot Operators / AI Data Collectors. In this unique, hands-on role, you'll wear motion-capture sensors and VR equipment to perform everyday movements that help train advanced AI and robotic systems. No previous experience is required—we provide training. Responsibilities Perform human-like movements while wearing sensor equipment Collect motion data used to train AI models Ensure data quality and follow established procedures Report equipment, software, or process issues Provide feedback to help improve operations Qualifications Comfortable being physically active for up to 8 hours per shift Comfortable wearing a VR headset and sensor equipment Basic computer skills Reliable, detail-oriented, and able to follow directions Interest in technology, robotics, or AI is a plus Why Apply? $30–$33 per hour No experience required Paid training provided Multiple shifts available Gain experience working with cutting-edge AI and robotics technology Apply today and be part of the future of artificial intelligence. Job Type & Location This is a Contract to Hire position based out of Campbell, CA. Pay and Benefits The pay range for this position is $28.00 - $33.00/hr. Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to specific elections, plan, or program terms. If eligible, the benefits available for this temporary role may include the following: • Medical, dental & vision • Critical Illness, Accident, and Hospital • 401(k) Retirement Plan – Pre-tax and Roth post-tax contributions available • Life Insurance (Voluntary Life & AD&D for the employee and dependents) • Short and long-term disability • Health Spending Account (HSA) • Transportation benefits • Employee Assistance Program • Time Off/Leave (PTO, Vacation or Sick Leave) Workplace Type This is a fully onsite position in Campbell,CA. Application Deadline This position is anticipated to close on Jul 24, 2026. About Aerotek Aerotek® Inc. provides staffing and services solutions in manufacturing, logistics, construction, aviation, facilities and maintenance. We provide the expertise, solutions and people required to rise to the challenges of North American industry. Headquartered in Hanover, Md., Aerotek operates a unified network of over 200 offices across North America, supporting more than 18,000 clients each year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in workforce and business solutions. To learn more, visit: Aerotek.com | 1-888-AEROTEK. Aerotek offers weekly pay, employee benefits including medical, dental & vision, life insurance, health advocacy and employee assistance programs, a 401(k) plan, and employee discounts. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, for all positions located in the city and county of San Francisco, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Massachusetts Lie Detector: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI): We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to support parts of our hiring process, including sourcing, screening, and evaluating candidates. AI helps assess applications and qualifications, but final decisions are made by our hiring team. By applying, you acknowledge and agree that your application may be reviewed using AI tools. Receive notifications about similar jobs I’d like to receive Job Alerts and other marketing emails from Aerotek to assist me with my job search. I understand that I may opt out at any time. Enter Email address (Required) your@email.com Manage alerts Similar Jobs Robot Operator/Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production AI Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector/Operator LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationCampbell, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production Robot Data Collector LocationSan Jose, California, USA CategoryManufacturing & Production man in glasses with ear protection around neck Let jobs find you Sign up to receive personalized job recommendations I’d like to receive Job Alerts and other marketing emails from Aerotek to assist me with my job search. I understand that I may opt out at any time. Sign Up Aerotek logo COMPANY WEBSITE social share facebook social share linkedin social share youtube social share twitter social share instagram © 2026 Aerotek, Inc. All rights reserved. 