Skip to main content
 search for jobs

Settings

cyrus.shahriari@gmail.com
Search for Jobs
Candidate Home

Senior Product Manager, GRC page is loaded
Senior Product Manager, GRC
You applied for this job on June 30, 2026.
View Application
locations
McLean, VA
Bremerton, WA
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 5 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: October 1, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)
job requisition id
R0228967
Senior Product Manager, GRC
The Opportunity:

Our Product team is defining a new product-led growth business within Booz Allen where you will have the opportunity to design, build, and deliver product to customers at scale. You will experience the autonomy of a start-up with the resources, mentorship, and stability of an established tech company and be able to look across industry and capability areas to craft new outcomes leveraging the deep catalog of existing technology and customer solutions. This team is looking to consistently push the boundaries of what is possible, shaping a future where product investments combined with Booz Allen existing services businesses can supercharge customers. 

Booz Allen is seeking a Product Manager to define and build the next generation of compliance products. As a Product Manager focused on automated compliance outcomes, you will need to blend regulatory knowledge with an understanding of cutting-edge AI technology to disrupt traditional governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) methods. You will be able to leverage the decades of experience Booz Allen has in delivering differentiated and successful compliance outcomes for customers, and reshape it. 

One challenge will be to fuse deep regulatory controls expertise, including CMMC, FedRAMP, SOC 2, or PCI DSS, with artificial intelligence (AI) and emerging technologies. You will own the end-to-end product lifecycle, from identifying high-impact AI use cases such as automated evidence collection and cross-framework control mapping and defining the technical roadmap, to collaborating with engineering and data science teams to build trustworthy, auditable features, and finally, partnering with go-to-market teams to ensure the product successfully meets the complex security and audit requirements of regulated customers. These capabilities will underpin solutions and products across our product portfolio, including cybersecurity, defense, autonomy, AI, data, and more.

What You'll Work On: 

Own the end-to-end product vision, strategy, and roadmap for a next-generation compliance platform that explicitly leverages AI such as LLMs, machine learning for continuous monitoring, and NLP for policy analysis to move beyond manual GRC processes. 

Leverage the internal and external expertise on the specified compliance frameworks, CMMC, FedRAMP, SOC 2, and PCI DSS, including their overlaps, control mappings, certification processes such as C3PAO or 3PAO, and future direction. 

Identify and validate specific use cases where AI can automate time-consuming compliance tasks such as automated evidence collection, cross-framework control mapping, real-time control drift detection, policy-to-control narrative generation, and intelligent risk scoring. 

Conduct deep market research on the emerging AI compliance landscape, understanding competitor offerings, auditor expectations, and customer pain points to identify defensible product advantages. 

Translate complex regulatory requirements such as NIST SP 800-171 controls or FedRAMP continuous monitoring requirements and user needs into detailed, prioritized product requirements, user stories, and acceptance criteria for engineering and design teams. 

Serve as the primary product leader, driving alignment and collaboration across engineering, data science, AI, UX, design, legal, compliance, and Go-to-Market teams. 

Partner with Data Science and Engineering to define the data ingestion, labeling, security, and governance strategy necessary to train, validate, and securely operate the underlying AI or ML models while adhering to data privacy and compliance standards. 

Spend significant time engaging with target customers such as CISOs, Compliance or Risk Officers, and IT Admins and external assessors or auditors, including C3PAOs or 3PAOs, to gather feedback, validate prototypes, and ensure the product meets audit-readiness standards. 

Own, prioritize, and manage the platform product backlog, including translating high-level strategy into detailed, actionable requirements such as user stories or epics for engineering teams.  

Work closely with engineering and technical product leads and architects to define the technical requirements, system design, and overall architecture to ensure the platform is robust, secure, and scalable.  

Join us. The world can't wait.

You Have: 

7+ years of experience in technology product management with revenue-generating products

Experience managing commercial compliance software products

Experience analyzing and solving problems 

Ability to manage the entire product lifecycle, from ideation to launch and beyond

Ability to thrive in fast-moving startup environments and effectively lead change  

Ability to travel up to 20% of the time

Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Business

Nice If You Have: 

Experience working across a variety of software and hardware technologies 

Experience leading a product team toward a shared goal, inspiring confidence, and driving consensus across the organization

Experience breaking down complex, ambiguous problems into smaller, manageable pieces and developing innovative solutions

Experience with design tools such as Figma that enhance the product conceptualization process

Ability to pivot, embrace change, and learn quickly

Possession of excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $99,000.00 to $225,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date.
Identity Statement

As part of the hiring process, we will ask you to complete an identity verification process that leverages advanced biometrics and artificial intelligence to ensure authenticity and protect against identity fraud. You are expected to be on camera during interviews and assessments. We reserve the right to take your picture to verify your identity and prevent fraud.

Candidate AI Usage Policy

AI is a part of our daily work at Booz Allen, and we are committed to the responsible and ethical use of AI tools. However, we want to ensure a fair candidate process based on your own skills and knowledge. As part of this commitment, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) or other tools to assist with responses during interviews (whether in-person or virtual) is prohibited unless permission is explicitly provided. 

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of collaboration, whether it occurs in person or virtually. To support engagement and effective communication, employees working virtually are generally expected to have their cameras on during meetings.

Remote: If this position is listed as remote, there may still be occasions when you are required to work in person at a Booz Allen or customer facility.

Hybrid: If this position is listed as hybrid, you will be expected to work from a Booz Allen facility frequently, in alignment with leadership expectations and the needs of the role. You may also be required to work from or visit a customer facility.

Onsite: If this position is listed as onsite, work will primarily be performed at a Booz Allen office or customer facility, where employees will collaborate directly with colleagues and customers as required by the role.

Commitment to Non-Discrimination

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.

Similar Jobs (5)
Technical Product Senior Manager
locations
McLean, VA
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 11 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: September 23, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)
Cyber Detection Warfare Senior Manager
locations
2 Locations
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 21 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: September 13, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)
Cyber Campaign Marketing, Senior Manager
locations
McLean, VA
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 5 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: September 29, 2026 (30+ days left to apply)

View All 5 Jobs
About Us
Booz Allen Logo
Note: Microsoft Internet Explorer is not fully compatible with Workday and users may experience systems issues with this browser. We recommend that you use one of the following browsers to avoid problems: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, Opera Browser or Blackberry Browser. If you continue to experience issues, it is sometimes necessary to reset your browser by clearing your cache.

 

About Booz Allen Hamilton

Booz Allen is an advanced technology company delivering outcomes with speed for America’s most critical defense, civil, and national security priorities. We build technology solutions using AI, cyber, and other cutting-edge technologies to advance and protect the nation and its citizens. By focusing on outcomes, we enable our people, clients, and their missions to succeed—accelerating the nation to realize our purpose: Empower People to Change the World®.

 

Commitment to Non-Discrimination

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.

Know Your Rights Poster

Accommodations

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please contact the Booz Allen Help Desk by calling 1-877-927-8278 or sending an email to helpdesk@bah.com. This option is reserved only for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation. It is not intended for other purposes or inquiries.

 

Data Privacy For more information on how Booz Allen uses your information, please see our Careers Privacy Policy.


Read More
© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.